Most of the schema processing code is housed in `main.cpp`. There are 3 helper classes to store data from the processed schema: One is a `column.h` class that has 5 different types of columns: One that stores `Object*`s (`Column`), one that stores `Bool`s (`BoolColumn`), one that stores `Int`s (`IntColumn`), one that stores `Float`s (`FloatColumn`), and one that stores `String*`s (`StringColumn`). The 4 strict Columns inherit from `Column` so that they can be unified under 1 type and be stored together. There is also a `types.h` class that boxes primitive types so that they can be stored in the `Column`s and missings can be stored as `nullptr`. Finally, there is a `helper.h` class that houses functions that print to the console.  

The program works by first parsing the arguments, resetting defaults wherever arguments were provided. The program terminates if an invalid argument was provided or if the arguments are misformed (e.x. flag with missing argument) Next, the file provided is open and read into a `char*`. The program terminates if the file could not be opened. Next, the schema is defined/inferred based on the first 500 lines (or less if the file contains less than 500 lines), and a `std::vector` is created that stores `Column*`s that are of the 4 subtypes (`BoolColumn`, `IntColumn`, etc.). Next, ones the column vector is defined, the file is trimmed (based on the given `-from` and `-len` arguments and its contents stored in another character array. Default for `-from` is 0 (beginning of file) and default for `-len` is the length of the file. If the trimmed file contents are empty, then the program terminates. Next, the schema is read, i.e. the data contained in the schema is loaded into the various `Column*`s in the vector. Once all the data is loaded, if any command line arguments that expect a return of some sort are given, that return is printed on a new line. 

In defining our schema, we always throw out the line if there is a misformed data "cell". Any cells in misformed lines are not loaded into the `Column*`s. 

Special cases:
We do not consider <<> or other cells similar to this one to be valid. The characters '<' and '>' can only be considered as a string if they are inside of quotes (e.x. "ab<>c"). 
